The flag is private,
Void spirit frame. The bannermen dare not save my son.
Mom, can you press one end of the spiritual frame?
A spiritual frame, too persistent eyes,
If you really like that girl,
Even if you try to transport the yellow earth, it won't be enough.
I really like Ruoxue,
He is good to me and doesn't mind when I talk about rags.
Still willing to endure hardships with me,
In this life, I have betrayed him,
I don't want anyone.
Bannerman, you have such a wish,
Then I will definitely help you achieve it. please me
Don't be impulsive
But Suzuta is too big
Just for business
We can't afford it
And the wish of freedom
Even if the other party is old
I'm suspicious, don't worry
Although I know it in my heart
You can't do this
A man can rely on a horse to be safe
you have money now
Go and buy some clothes.
Give the spirit of the ministers
Install five first
Then I'll accompany you to Ling's house
I'll bring you my wife back
I'll buy you the situation
You brought this to Suzuta too, right?
Not with you these years
It’s really a pity that I’ve seen so many of you father and son.
Whatever you father and son want
I will experience it all
Made it for you
Okay, I'll turn on the regeneration
There are many voyages around the world
Nine war gods gather to take their lives